1.2.1
Level design changes on Hard6, Hard8 and Hard9 levels. Stars are now easier to obtain and general level difficulties have been adjusted.

1.2.0
Logic's release on Steam
:
The save technique has been replaced with a Steam Cloud compatible one
Steam Achievements have been created and added to the game
:

1.1.2
Quality of life changes
:
Various UI animations have been modified so they now behave the same
Fixed some camera movements in the Main Menu so they now work as intended
Fixed a bug that would cause the game to freeze if you try to pause it before the selected level is properly loaded
Changes have been made to some Hard levels, making them a shade easier to solve
Fixed a bug that prevented the Hard Final Level intro from being skipped
Miscellaneous other small updates and bug fixes
:

1.1.1
Numerous bug fixes and some minor quality changes.

1.1.0
Patch: Boss.
:
Finished the very last level
Music added. Finally
Miscellaneous other updates and bug fixes
:

1.0.4
Fixed Bob and Jack's Unique abilities and reworked the Push mechanic.
:
From now on, Bob can only move the Red Cube forwards and backwards
Jack will now always pull the Yellow Cube towards him and grab it when it gets close
From now on, you cannot move to the side while Pushing
If the Red Cube is not standing straight, it slowly adjusts itself to a straight position when Pushed
:

1.0.3
Lot of bug fixes.
:
From now on the Error Text will hide the Subtitles
Fixed a bug where Eddy's Subtitle color would remain red even after returning to the Menu
Fixed a bug where Eddy could not be rotated in the Character Selection screen
From now on you can also select the character with an initial letter [R, L, B, J or E] or numbers [1, 2, 3, 4 or 5]
Fixed some bugs where Pausing the game could cause Elevators to behave the way they should not
Fixed some bugs that caused Retry to not load saves correctly
Fixed the Render Distance color depending on Difficulty
Changed the weight of some Red Cubes so now every Level is completable
Fixed some character animations
Fixed a bug when ALT+TABbing on the beginning of a Level cause the game to freeze
Miscellaneous other updates and bug fixes
:

1.0.2
Redesigned every Level with a different method, so now they're look nice on Linux too.

1.0.1
Added the version checker when entering the game and in the Options menu.

1.0.0
Made the whole game with a lot of bugs and things we better not talk about...
